README.md, before:

![Banner](./banner.jpg)
### Hi there 👋, my name is Arllette Fonseca
I am a technology lover who started working on websites as a hobby. I have a background in engineering and customer facing experience. I am a problem solver and a challenge seeker. Today, my web development hobby has become my life and I enjoy working on meaningful projects on a daily basis.
### Applications Developed

<img src="./chatboxTransparent.png" width="400">

Live Preview: [Chatbox Application](https://student-teacher-chat.herokuapp.com/)

 A full-stack chat application for students and teachers to communicate with during school hours. Created using JavaScript, React, Socket.io, PostgreSQL, Express, Node.js.




<img src="./colegio.png" width="400">

Live Preview: [Colegio Acces Website](https://www.colegioacces.com/)

A technical school website providing students information about the school. Created using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.


### Some technologies I enjoy working with:
![Python Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Javascript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Nodejs Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=black)
![HTML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![React Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Babel Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Babel-F9DC3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=babel&logoColor=black)
![Webpack Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Webpack-8dd6f9?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)
![Socket.io Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=Socket.io&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQl-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=PostgreSQL&logoColor=white)
![npm Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-cb3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Netlify Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white)
![Figma Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Docker Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Git Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![jQuery Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jQuery&logoColor=white)

### 📫 How to reach me:
arllette.fonseca@gmail.com

### Links
LinkedIn Profile: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arllette-fonseca-964b5220a/)

My resume: [View](./afonsecaResume.png)

### My GitHub Stats

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ArlletteFonseca)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ArlletteFonseca&show_icons=true)

Commit message:

added link to chiller recipe app, need to add picture

README.md, after:

![Banner](./banner.jpg)
### Hi there 👋, my name is Arllette Fonseca
I am a technology lover who started working on websites as a hobby. I have a background in engineering and customer facing experience. I am a problem solver and a challenge seeker. Today, my web development hobby has become my life and I enjoy working on meaningful projects on a daily basis.
### Applications Developed

<img src="./chatboxTransparent.png" width="400">

Live Preview: [Chatbox Application](https://student-teacher-chat.herokuapp.com/)

 A full-stack chat application for students and teachers to communicate with during school hours. Created using JavaScript, React, Socket.io, PostgreSQL, Express, Node.js.




<img src="./colegio.png" width="400">

Live Preview: [Colegio Acces Website](https://www.colegioacces.com/)

A technical school website providing students information about the school. Created using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.



Live Preview: [Chiller Recipe App](https://chiller-recipe-application.netlify.app/)

A Recipe application given you a recipe list based on ingredients in your fridge. Created using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax and the meal database API.


### Some technologies I enjoy working with:
![Python Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Javascript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Nodejs Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=black)
![HTML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![React Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Babel Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Babel-F9DC3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=babel&logoColor=black)
![Webpack Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Webpack-8dd6f9?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)
![Socket.io Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=Socket.io&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQl-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=PostgreSQL&logoColor=white)
![npm Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-cb3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Netlify Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-00C7B7?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white)
![Figma Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Docker Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Git Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![jQuery Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jQuery&logoColor=white)

### 📫 How to reach me:
arllette.fonseca@gmail.com

### Links
LinkedIn Profile: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arllette-fonseca-964b5220a/)

My resume: [View](./afonsecaResume.png)

### My GitHub Stats

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ArlletteFonseca)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ArlletteFonseca&show_icons=true)
